---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: About me
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
# date: 2015-09-08
permalink: about-me
labels:
  - biography
---

If you need a formal introduction, please have a look at my resume, or send me an email. This page will provide a rather informal introduction. 

I am Muntasir Wahed. I have grown up in Chittagong, Bangladesh. 

As a child, I was shy and did not have many friends. But on the bright side, I grew a habit of reading books. My favorite genres are classic, non-fiction, history, and historical fiction. If I started making a list, which is indeed one of my hobbies, that would take all day. Nevertheless, I can not help myself from mentioning at least five of them - The Lord of the Rings Trilogy (J.R.R. Tolkien), The Little Prince (Antoine de Saint-Exupery), The Count of Monte Cristo (Alexandre Dumas), The Book Thief (Markus Zusak) and  The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (Mark Twain). Please note that, I have not mentioned any Bengali books here, since I expect the audience to be global, and unfortunately we do not have the English translation for most of my favorite Bengali books. I am also a huge fan of the world of Harry Potter. As a child, Harry Potter provided me with a safe space.

I am also a huge fan of music. My preferences in music changes frequently, making it impossible to provide a conclusive list of favorites. However, in general, I am biased towards older generations; Led Zeppelin, Pink Floyd, The Beatles, AC/DC, Nirvana, Bonjovi, Queen, John Lennon - to name a few. I also like some of the more recent artists, for example, Coldplay, Imagine Dragons, Lorde, Billie Eilish, and many more. Again, I have not mentioned any of my Bengali favorites here. However, not mentioning Rabindranath Tagore would be unfair! Whenever I need to calm down, this always helps. I also listen to Beethoven and Mozart for the calming effect.

Growing up in the port city, I had the privilege to be surrounded by the gifts of nature - hills, river, and the Bay of Bengal. This has ignited the love for traveling inside me. I like to travel whenever I get the chance. One of my goals in life is to travel to many countries, and learn about their cultures. During my childhood, I also developed a hobby of coin collecting. I have collected coins from 32 countries, including some rare coins from the nineteenth century. 
